# hemnet-transform

Working with the downloaded dataframes in Hemnet project.




# Hemnet Transform

This repository contains a codebase for a data transformation application that takes data collected from Hemnet, a popular real estate website in Sweden, and transforms it into a format suitable for analysis.

The application is built using Python 3 and the Pandas data analysis library. It reads in data from a CSV file named `hemnet.csv`, which is generated by the `hemnet-test` application, and performs data cleaning, feature engineering, and data aggregation to produce a final data output in a CSV file named `hemnet_transformed.csv`.

## Getting Started

To get started with this project, you will need to have Python 3 installed on your machine. You can download and install the latest version of Python from the official [Python website](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

Once you have Python 3 installed, you can clone this repository to your local machine using the following command:

git clone https://github.com/robboten/hemnet-transform.git


After cloning the repository, you will need to install the required dependencies. You can do this by running the following command:

pip install -r requirements.txt


## Running the Application

To run the application, navigate to the project directory in your terminal and run the following command:


python transform.py


This will start the data transformation process, which involves reading in data from `hemnet.csv`, cleaning and engineering features, and aggregating the data to produce `hemnet_transformed.csv`.

## Configuring the Application

The `config.py` file contains configuration options for the data transformation process. You can adjust these options to change the behavior of the application, such as the column names to use for output, or the number of top locations to include in the output.

## Data Output

The `hemnet_transformed.csv` file contains the final output of the data transformation process. This file contains cleaned and engineered data, as well as aggregated data grouped by property type and location.

## Contributing

Contributions to this project are welcome. If you find any bugs or have suggestions for improvement, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more information.







## Questions:
* What's the difference between the labels and state_labels column?
